We are coming to the part that we
are going to create our local version.
But one thing I did not show
you was the three.js editor.
I just wanted to go
over it really quickly.
So, like the playground of Babylon.js,
this is the editor of three.js.
And what you can do is create a new
file or start from something and
you can add all of these shapes and
lights are over here.
Ambient lights, directional lights, point
lights, and you have different cameras.
Let's choose a perspective camera and
add a sphere.
So I'm going to actually
move the camera towards me.
This is a good way of seeing, yeah,
everything is created right in the center.
So now I have the sphere,
but it looks really black.
And we have the mesh standard material.
So it does have a material but
it's not rendering well.
The reason is we are missing the lighting.
So I'll create a directional light.
And as you can see, directional
light comes from one direction,
and points to our object right here.
That means that it is going
to create some shadows for
us and if you want to create
a more equalized light,
hemisphere light will be a good option.
And point light is almost
like a candle light.
So the further you go away from the light
source you will have less power.
>> And, yeah,
it pretty much works like a candlelight.
So, [COUGH] on here we all we can
also just click on the object itself.
Again, it is grouped by the theme.
And we can see all of its attributes and
then we can change them here as well.
And one thing I wanted to show
you is how to add a little bit more
interest to our very simple sphere.
So since we were talking about
making the model's performance,
one way is to cheat it using
some interesting textures.
And instead of having
a detailed model of things,
you can sometimes have the same effects
by using materials and bump maps.
And this material is included in
the Github repository that we're
going to work on.
So sphere is not very interesting but
if we put an earth map on it,
and now you have to click it to see it.
So now we do have a earth, so you can add
even data visualization on top of it.
And for
the bump map this is going to describe
how bumpy it looks without having
to add more vertices to our scene.
So I have this bump map included.
So if we click on it, you can see that
it already looks a little bit more 3D.
This is very low quality but
because of that it also
looks like it's out of box.
So I'm gonna increase
a little bit it's geometry.
If you look at for every sphere,
one thing that you define is the radius.
So this is going to define how big it is.
But also we have the segments.
So this is how many times
this is divided and
it's going to affect the polygon count.
So I'm going to increase this to
maybe 12 and see how it looks.
I'm going to change
the height segments too.
So now because we have more geometry,
also we have a smoother model.
So if you're going for
a stylistic thing you can still
have a smaller segment count.
So, [COUGH] all right.
And let's go back to our bump map, and
it is defined as one.
And if you go minus, everything that is
supposed to be a mountain goes downwards.
So you're inverting
the bump map basically.
And once you are done,
what you can do is download it.
You can publish it here.
And I think when you publish it downloads
automatically the end products.
I can now open this with an editor and
show you the code.
We have a index HTML which
loads everything and
I'm guessing it's the same for
any kind of experience.
But what you build on this experience
is going to be on the app.js.
So it defines a player that
creates the render, camera,
scene and all of those things.
But what it does is it looks
at a configuration file,
which is app.json over here.
And if you change any of the attributes,
it will be reflected on app.json, and
this will use that app.json to
create exactly what you created.
So this is great that you were
able to create downloads,
a new experience and
you have a way of seeing it.
But at the same time,
it's not very readable code,
because most important
parts are in the app.json.
>> Can you round out the polygons,
a chamfer or chamfer mild perhaps?
Just to make it appear more rounded
without having to add more and
more polygons?
>> The question is can
we make things smoother
without having to add more and
more polygons?
One way to do it is having a normal map.
What bump map does for
creating depth and height,
normal map does something similar but
it adds some,
if you have something that's very edgy,
it smooths out the edge.
But it's a little bit more
complicated to work with normal maps.
So basically what a bump map is,
is a black and white representation,
everything grey is going to be
between height or no height.
But with normal map,
it is a little bit more complicated.
That's one way.
Other than that, for the mesh itself,
there is no way of making
it smoother without having to
add any polygons, unfortunately.
Before you create more polygons,
you should definitely try to achieve what
you want to do with these bump maps.
If you look at the corner, there's
actually nothing that is sticking out.
It's still very rounded in the corners,
but the look of it is not the same.
It looks like we can
actually see the mountains.